Docs: feature documentation for `build.jobs` (#9138)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/builds.rst

Build process
=============

Once a project has been imported and a build is triggered,
Read the Docs executes specific pre-defined jobs to build the project's documentation and update the hosted content.
This page explains in detail what happens behind the scenes,
and an overview of how you can change this process.

Understanding what's going on
-----------------------------

Understanding how your content is built helps with debugging the problems that may appear in the process.
It also allows you customize the steps of the build process.

.. note::

>    All the steps are ran inside a Docker container with the image the project defines in :ref:`config-file/v2:build.os`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All the steps are run inside a Docker container with the image the project defines in :ref:`config-file/v2:build.os`.
```

> The following are the pre-defined jobs executed by default by Read the Docs:

Reviewer: This one just sounded a little redundant, also there is no turning off pre-defined jobs, where "by default" implies there is an alternative.

```suggestion
The following are the pre-defined jobs executed by Read the Docs:
```

Build process
=============

> Once a project has been imported into Read the Docs and a push is done (or a build is manually triggered),
> Read the Docs executes specific pre-defined jobs to build the project's documentation and update the hosted version with up-to-date content.
> This page explains in details what happens behind the scenes.

Author: ```suggestion
Once a project has been imported and a build is triggered,
Read the Docs executes specific pre-defined jobs to build the project's documentation and update the hosted content.
This page explains in detail what happens behind the scenes,
and an overview of how you can change this process.
```

Understanding what's going on
-----------------------------

Understanding how Read the Docs builds projects helps with debugging the problems that may appear in the process.
It should also allow users to take advantage of certain things that happen during the build process.

.. note::

   All the steps are ran inside a Docker container with the image the project defines in :ref:`config-file/v2:build.os`.

> The following are the pre-defined jobs executed by default by Read the Docs:

Author: I used "pre-defined jobs" for `checkout`, `install`, `build`, etc and "user-defined jobs" for the pre/post ones.

:checkout:

   Checks out project's code from the URL's repository defined for this project.
   It will use `git clone`, `hg clone`, etc depending on the VCS backend.

:system_dependencies:

   Installs OS/system dependencies.
   This includes specific version of languages (e.g. Python, NodeJS, Go, Rust) and also OS packages.

>    At this point, :ref:`config-file/v2:build.tools` can be used to defined languages versions,
>    and :ref:`config-file/v2:build.apt_packages` to define APT packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   At this point, :ref:`config-file/v2:build.tools` can be used to define a  language version,
   and :ref:`config-file/v2:build.apt_packages` to define ``apt`` packages.
```

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure how we should be writing about ``apt``, but since it's a CLI tool I think that seems reasonable?

:create_environment:

   Creates a Python environment to install all the dependencies in an isolated and reproducible way.

>    Depending on what's defined by the project a Virtualenv or a Conda environment (:ref:`config-file/v2:conda`) will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Depending on what's defined by the project a virtualenv or a conda environment (:ref:`config-file/v2:conda`) will be used.
```

Do we not have a reference for virtualenv?

Author: I'll take a look, but I don't remember right now. I think we don't because it's the default and there is nothing to set up when using virtualenv.

:install:

>    Install :ref:`default common dependencies <build-default-versions>` to build project's documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Install :ref:`default common dependencies <build-default-versions>`.
```

>    At this point, if the project has extra Python requirements than the default ones,
>    :ref:`config-file/v2:python.install` can be used to specify them.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the project has extra Python requirements,
   :ref:`config-file/v2:python.install` can be used to specify them.

```

   .. tip::

>     We strongly recommend :ref:`pinning all the versions <guides/reproducible-builds:pinning dependencies>` required to build the documentation to avoid unexpected build errors.

Reviewer 2: 💯

:build:

   Runs the main command to build the documentation for each of the formats declared (:ref:`config-file/v2:formats`).
   It will use Sphinx (:ref:`config-file/v2:sphinx`) or MkDocs (:ref:`config-file/v2:mkdocs`) depending on the project.

:upload:

   Once the build process has finished and succeed,

>    Read the Docs uploads the resulting artifacts to the storage and purge the cache so the newer version of the documentation is served.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the resulting artifacts are uploaded to our servers, and the CDN is purged so the newer version of the documentation is served.
```

> If this process is not enough for the project's needs,
> there are some extra steps that are required to build the documentation,
> or simply the needing to execute extra commands to improve Read the Docs' integration with other services,
> it's possible to hook user-defined commands and :doc:`customize the build process <build-customization>`...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. seealso::
    If there are extra steps required to build the documentation,
    or you need to execute additional commands to integrate with other tools,
    it's possible to run user-defined commands and :doc:`customize the build process <build-customization>`.
```

      If you are having trouble with your documentation builds,
      you can reach our support at support@readthedocs.com.

Default environment variables
-----------------------------

> The builder sets the following Read the Docs specific environment variables when building your documentation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Read the Docs builder sets the following environment variables when building your documentation:
```

>    In case extra environment variables are needed to the build process (like secrets, tokens, etc),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If extra environment variables are needed in the build process (like an API token),
```
